Update WebSub module.md with basic auth support (#14904)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/websub/src/main/ballerina/websub/Module.md

Any subscriptions added at the hub will now be available even when the hub is restarted.

> ##### Enabling Basic Auth support for the hub

Reviewer: Shall we make this the first section and make "Enabling data persistence for the hub" the second?

> The Ballerina WebSub Hub can be secured using basic authentication by enforcing authorization. Hub listener and the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina WebSub Hub can be secured by enforcing authentication (Basic Authentication) and optionally authorization. 
```

> Hub service need AuthProvider and authConfig configurations respectively. The auth provider stores username, password

Reviewer: `AuthProvider` and `authConfig` need to be specified for the hub listener and service respectively.

If the `authStoreProvider` of the `AuthProvider` is set as "config", usernames and passwords for authentication and scopes for authorization would be read from a config toml file.

A user can specify `AuthProvider` as follows and set it to the `hubListenerConfig` record passed when starting the hub.

for authentication and scopes for authorization. User can specify AuthProvider as follows pass it along with the 
hubListenerConfig when creating hub.

``` ballerina
http:AuthProvider basicAuthProvider = {
    scheme: "basic",
    authStoreProvider: "config"
};

http:ServiceEndpointConfiguration hubListenerConfig = {
    authProviders: [basicAuthProvider],
    secureSocket: {
        keyStore: {
            path: "${ballerina.home}/bre/security/ballerinaKeystore.p12",
            password: "ballerina"
        },

>         trustStore: {

Reviewer 2: Is there any particular reason for configuring trustStore? Wouldn't it be enough to configure only the keystore?

            path: "${ballerina.home}/bre/security/ballerinaTruststore.p12",
            password: "ballerina"
        }
    }
};

var val = websub:startHub(new http:Listener (9191, config =  hubListenerConfig));
```

> In addition to authProviders, User needs to specify the authConfig properties at service config level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the `AuthProvider` for the listener, a user also has to specify the `authConfig` properties at service config level. 
```

> It can be populated by providing authConfig via a toml formatted file under `b7a.websub.hub.auth` alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be populated by providing `authConfig` via a toml formatted file under the `b7a.websub.hub.auth` alias.
```

Recognized users can also be mentioned in the same file which permits auth providers to read. 

```
["b7a.websub.hub.auth"]
enabled=true  // enables the authentication
scopes="scope1" // defines the scope of possible users

["b7a.users"]

["b7a.users.tom"]
password="1234"
scopes="scope1"
```

> Once the hub is secured over basic auth, the subscriber should provide auth config in subscriptionClientConfig 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the hub is secured over basic auth, a subscriber should provide the relevant `auth` config in the `subscriptionClientConfig` field of the subscriber service annotation.
```
